docs: disambiguate routing vs pipelining terminology (#486)
shaneutt/praxis: .claude/CLAUDE.md

terminal, named filter, re-entrance with iteration
limits).

## Terminology: Routing vs Pipelining

> These two concepts are distinct. Do not conflate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two concepts are distinct, take care to not conflate them.
```
